# Managing data for multi-page forms

There are several ways you can store the data for a multi-page form as the user navigates each page.

- Store each "page" in session
- Save each "page" in the database
- Use local storage in the browser

## Store data in session

This is the method the example uses. As the user navigates each page, the submitted form data is added to the current form session key by page number.

When the final page has been submitted, you should have all the data needed to persist the data to your database.

### Pros

- Simple to use
- Data persists as long as session exists

### Cons

- If using cookie storage, session can get big depending on data
- Users loses data if session expires
- Can't continue from different browser

```ts
export const action = async ({ request }: LoaderArgs) => {
  const text = await request.text();
  // use qs.parse to support multi-value values (by email checkbox list)
  const { page, action, ...data } = qs.parse(text);
  const session = await getSession(request.headers.get("cookie"));
  session.set(`form-data-page-${page}`, data);

  const nextPage = Number(page) + (action === "next" ? 1 : -1);
  return redirect(`?page=${nextPage}`, {
    headers: {
      "set-cookie": await commitSession(session),
    },
  });
};
```

## Store data in database

Similar to the session storage, you can save each page to the database as the user submits. The main benefit is that the user can close the browser and pick up later as well as from a different computer.

Depending on how the data is stored, and the form itself, it may be difficult to save only partial data, since required fields may not be entered. Also data with relations may be hard to save if the parent data is not available to relate the foreign key.

### Pros

- Allows you to durably save the data for each page
- User can come back and pick up where he left off, even on another computer

### Cons

- Depending on data model, may have issues with required fields or relations

## Store data local in browser

Although this is technically an option, it is not recommended to use local storage. Since Remix doesn't have access to the data from your `action`, you will need to use client-side Javascript to save the data locally. This partly defeats the purpose of Remix.

### Pros

- Able to save form data even if the user is offline

### Cons

- Requires extra client-side Javascript to manage form submissions
