# What is an error?

First of all, we need to define what an error is, as there are different types.

1. Expected errors
2. Bad client requests
3. Unexpected server errors

## Expected Errors

These errors are typically caused during request validation. The user has sent us some information that is not in the correct format. We want to let the user know what the problems are and let them try to submit the data again.

These types of errors should be returned to the client from your `action`. Do not throw an `Error` or a `Response`.

## Bad Client Requests

Again, these errors are due to bad data being sent from the client. Typically these will be invalid URL params or search params. It can also include errors such as missing data (Not Found) or unauthorized access to a resource.

In most cases you will want to `throw new Response()` here. You're essentially saying, I'm unable to process your request with the information you provided. For the most part, you will want to display the error in your `<CatchBoundary>`.

## Unexpected Server Errors

Finally, the last category of errors are those that are _unexpected_. These can be anywhere from accessing a null/undefined value. Or an `Error` that is thrown when calling some function.

It is recommended that you don't throw `Error` directly in your application code. It is much better to do null/undefined checks or verify you're calling the function correctly. This class of errors should be strictly for _unexpected_ errors. These errors will be rendered in you `<ErrorBoundary>`.

It is also not recommended to use `try/catch` in your application code, unless you're planning on handling the error. It is not a good idea to have an empty `catch` handler, which simply swallows the error and can leave your application in an unexpected state.
