# Multi-Tenant

## What do we mean by multi-tenant?

A tenant is a group or organization where data and commonly users are separated from other tenants within the same application.

There are typically two parts to a multi-tenant application.

1. Determining which tenant the user is making the request for

2. Getting the correct data for that tenant and ensuring no data from another tenant is returned or mutated

## Determining Tenant

There are many ways to do this. In our test app, we will be using the `host` header to determine the tenant. For example `tenant1.remix.local` will bet _Tenant #1_.

## Accessing Tenant Data

Typically, a multi-tenant database would have a single database where **all** tenant data is stored. Each model would have a `tenantId` column and all queries would filter the data by this id.

Although simple and workable, it is also very dangerous. It is easy to accidentally expose data from one tenant to another. Usually, you would have some sort of middleware that would ensure that the tenantId is always included. This precludes you from making direct queries or using other database tools that are not _tenant-aware_.

For this example, I took a different route. Instead of filter the data, I isolate the data so that it is impossible to query data for the wrong tenant. In this particular case, we are going to use the _multi-schema_ support provided by `postgres`. Each tenant will have its own schema and postgres will ensure that you can't access another tenants data.
