# Using patch-package

`patch-package` is a tool that enables you to modify a package in _node_modules_ and then generate a patch that can be reapplied as needed. This is an amazing tool that can literally save you from pulling out all your hair.

However, as amazing as this tool is, it does come with some limitations.

- Only supports a single patch per file
- Patches are generated for a specific version of a package
- You're patching the "built" files, not the original source

## Single patch per file

Sometimes you need to fix several bugs, and some of them may affect the same file. Unfortunately you can't create separate patches for each bug, since the patch file uses the original filename. So all those bug fixes would have to be in the same file making it hard to reason about.

## Specific version

When you generate the patch file, it uses the current version of the package as the base version. This version is also included in the patch filename.

When you apply the patch, it expects the patch to apply to that version of the package files. If the versions are different, it will give you a warning. It will still try to apply the patch. As long as there are no conflicts it will proceed, otherwise it will bail out with an error.

## Patches are for "built" files, not original

The hardest part of making a good patch is that you're literally editing the files that were included in the package. These are not the original source files, but the transpiled code. This makes it difficult depending on how mangle the files end up. If the files are minified, it may even be downright impossible.

One quirk of Remix is that for some packages, it will generate two versions, one CommonJS for the server, and another ESM for the browser. You may need to patch both versions depending on the bugfix.
