# Overcoming the limitations

As with most programmers, when presented with a challenge, I try to find a solution to overcome it.

I've been working on some scripts that allows me to side-step the limitations of patch-package.

## Editing the original source

Instead of patching the transpiled files, instead I keep a separate repository that is a clone of the Remix repo. I can then edit the original source to fix the bug. Each bugfix is a separate branch off the base remix repo.

## Applying multiple patches

If I want to apply multiple patches, I create a branch off the base version and then cherry pick the patches that I want.

## Generating the patches

Because ultimately the patches need to be applied to the transpiled version, I execute the `yarn build` command just as the Remix team does to generate the packages. These built packages will now have my patches _baked in_.

I then run a script `apply-patches` to copy the updated packages to my _node_modules_. This is now as if I had hand edited the node_modules version. I can now run the `patch-package` command to generate the desired patches which can now be committed to GitHub.

## Versioning patches

When I need to update the Remix version, I do the same thing as before. I have a script `pull-remix` that clones the new version of Remix on top of the main branch. I then create a new `patched` branch and cherry pick the patches again onto this new version. If there are any conflicts, I can fix them and commit.

## Enhancements

I'm also working on being able to apply existing PRs from the remix repo. There are fixes and enhancements that have been sitting in GitHub waiting to be merged. Granted Remix is a small team and they can only do so much. However, being able to add PRs as patches will not only get you the desired fix quickly, but it will also get the PR some real world exposure to ensure it actually works as intended.
